Query : PeerStats (#78)
Concordium/concordium-java-sdk: README.md

```
Retrives total number of packets sent from the node.

- `getPeerStatistics`
```java
PeerStatistics getPeerStatistics(final boolean includeBootstrappers)
```

> Retrieves the `PeerStatistics` the node is connected to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieves the statistics of the peers that the node is connected to.
```
